with well 14,000 built vehicles in
ten years is the gallardo of the time
most successful lamborghini now occurs
his successor to the name huracan
this is not officially derived from
May god of the wind but of one
eponymous fighting bull from the year
In 1879 the Lamborghini one
relentless character revealed and
invincible remained the body and the
chassis the 4 46 meters long but 116
meter flat huracan consists of one
integrated structure of carbon and
aluminum elements
the dry weight is 1400 22
kilogram
the power weight 233 kilograms per
ps
as in the Gallardo knows the v10 engine
There will be 5.2 liters of displacement in the future
but at 610 ps at 8250 rpm
6500 tours is the maximum
torque of 560 newton meters
at the so-called in the zone the
savior strategy katar become direct
and indirect petrol injection
combined maximum is the hurricane 325
km h
in 3 2 seconds the 100 km h mark after
9.9 seconds 200 km h are reached
Hard to believe even a start stop
System is on board and with consumption
of the euro six daily aggregate
12.5 liters sinks
the lighting of the hurricane included
the headlight works with led
technology in the cockpit, the driver looks up
112 3 inch big tft screen of in
different modes is configurable around
the power transmission take care of
seven-speed dual-clutch transmission and
a permanent four-wheel drive
you can choose from three modes of strada
for everyday sports and corsa for the
race track they change aloud
lamborghini the reaction of motor and
gearbox the sound characteristics as well
the esp and the all-wheel system braked
per carbon ceramic system
optional are a variable steering and
an electromagnetic damper control
available just under 200 2000 euro costs
a lamborghini hofer barge